Behind the official
There is actually a big man like Qian Shang who supports it
I heard that I am humble and in my prime
At least 60 years of supreme dignity
And the key, I'd say, is really long-term.
The four great families in the imperial capital
From now on, I'm afraid there is a key point to deepen
Yes, the Shenguan family is also taking off
Let's not forget that.
The eldest lady of the Shangguan family and the eldest son of the official family
There is an engagement
Once the official family gains power
How can the Shangguan family not take off?
What did I say?
The marriage of our two surnames is a match made in heaven
As long as the two get married?
You can make it big.
Ding Long, are you wrong?
Humph, Miss Guan
Representing not only Guan Mingcheng
It is more representative of the entire official family
Why don't you quickly apologize to Miss Guan?
It's so interesting, why are you scared?
Do you know who you offended now?
No, I don't remember that.
When have I ever supported you behind your back?
Official family, you are unreasonable
You dare to be stubborn in front of the right master
Why don't you kneel down and apologize to Miss Guan?
Otherwise, we will investigate it humbly in the future.
Just wait for this criminal
Grandma, blame me
Ye Feng is just a commoner
He doesn't know anything.
He didn't mean that.
Guan Qianqian, raise your hand and let Ye Feng go. I
I am willing to marry Guan Mingchao